welcome to FP dot TV hey Dan's rascal
football power dot TV I'm here in Eric
Reynolds Eric I've been around the
country I have enough performance like
that yet congratulations on a great game
close to 300 hours rushing another 80
receiving the how do you feel right now
I feel excellent beating North Penn's
always a good thing just just because
they are in North Penn but being on the
feed feels even better I mean playing as
a team that that's why we got here hey
you guys basically the school split up
four years ago there's a four year old
program right you've won your your leg
your I think you're gonna be seated
number one in the districts is that
correct most likely yeah hopefully I
mean I think I think we're the only team
that's on the fuse am i right
I think Ridley's they're also yeah okay
that's right um but yeah we might be
seated number one hey what are you you
know this is a great game I you're so
much fun to watch you know push you guys
are not big you just get it done yeah I
mean strength training coach Joe home
and he works us out he does wonders in
the weight room and then in the summer
we had some guy come in for endurance
and that's that's why we're a
second-half team and that's why we were
able to beat North Penn you know or you
surprised at North Penn with someone
trying some of those trick plays here in
a second has to get something going or
were you guys prepared for that um I
mean we weren't really prepared we
didn't think they would do strict plays
like that we just thought they would be
a hard-nosed smashmouth football but
that they pulled off and they were
successful with it so come back yeah so
I mean our defense easy to step up there
but the rest of the game they stepped up
okay let's look forward after the you're
waiting around and see what happens this
year for college right but just holding
tight who are you talking to right now
um Toledo offered me Bowling Green
offered me
Corral Colorado's talking to me you
can't offer me Delaware off of me and
temple off how your grades good yeah
good solid very solid yes you're a fun
player to watch probably the best
performance I've seen all year
congratulations Eric rounds thank you
okay great day alright see football
power top TV get the power
you